I'm here standing at the front door of
Gaza municipality park it has been a
part of our community for almost 100
years providing a place of peace and joy
for Generations it also has been been a
safe place for many families a place
where children play and memories are
made but today it's one's vibrant
atmosphere tells a different story The
ongoing War has left its Mark here as
you can see parts of the bark have been
damaged partially by the occupation yet
amidst the destruction life goes on
families still come here to blow up
steam despite the ongoing war in Gaza
for many this park is more than just a
recreational area it's a Lifeline a
place where they can memary forget War
atmosphere and let children experience a
bit of joy and
freedom we're here in the park for some
relief trying to forget what's happened
to us but it's in vain because we can't
forget everything we've seen with our
own eyes despite the park being
completely destroyed and despite all the
devastation in The Siege we cannot
forget I come here every day to escape
the War I come here for an hour or two
to enjoy the views of the trees recently
they were shelling near the park and
refugees from Al Ral and alabra have
arrived we come here often to escape the
shelling we don't stay long because it's
not
safe we have noticed children come to
this Park which is partially destroyed
to escape the trauma of the wall and its
impact on their well-being we have
formed a team gathered the children
organized some games and dedicated this
place to focusing on children's
psychological needs we concentrate on
what they need and what makes them happy
a powerful Testament to the spirit of of
the people here continuing to live laugh
and find Joy even in the hardest times
Gaza municipality Park stands as a
symbol of resilence this park may be
partially destroyed but the spirit of
the community remains
unbroken make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer